userís is there a place for
improvisation in the American kitchen I
mean I've only so far been into the
short haul the kitchen gets punched out
of a ticket you know yes here you are
you were winging it you're playing yes
well you must improvise you must know
your basics you must know the theory you
must know the practical side of course
this is a very practical knowledge and
training you must have is a flair with
lots of Phoenix and lots of knowledge
but yes you must improvise improvise
you're talking mushrooms you have a
julienne of bell peppers you have some
in your keys and you have a julienne of
zucchini and listen this is an
international forum on what our inner
keys ain't no keys are kind of a
Japanese mushroom which are now growing
in California you know keys are actually
these right here
delightful delightful we use these in
salads where you can use these on fish
Minister Minister may talk mostly
exactly exactly now we grow them on the
west coast now we're caviar coming in a
sauce could I just have a spoon flow of
it before oh sure sure is terrible we
use for caviar beluga cab
sorry to interrupt but I mean this is
America and they've got it here by the
kilo by the hundredweight is one of my
favorite thing hmm
supposed to be due soon down I'm gonna
add some caviar to it hey nice
I'm gonna go put a little bit more by
myself I love caviar and champagne what
is your birthday it is my birthday okay
what we're doing we're gonna overlap
this like this now as I said earlier
this is a local snapper which is an
outstanding quality of fish I am just
getting know to know the the Florida
seafood quite well now not what I'm
gonna do I'm gonna put this on the side
to do that just wear the sweater off
this is not a very high calorie or
item right here okay it's a typical
unleaded American dish it's really has
gotten a million bucks worth the caviar
in rim alright there we have a little
bit of a southern corn into it
hey that's good alright let's put this
little puppy on top or somewhere to make
it a nice delightful presentation on the
plate okay
very interesting and much sought after
by the wealthy blue-rinse punters and
beats I'm sure